Coinguide Terms Of Service

This coinguide terms of service apply to your access and use of coinguide or any of the other products or services related to coinguide.
By using any of our services, you therefore agree to these terms of service.

Terms
This website and all It’s services is a property of coinguide. By accessing and using any of coinguide services, you are bound by these terms and service and is responsible for compliance with any applicable local law.

Privacy Policy
Please refer to our privacy policy page to learn how we collect, use and disclose information that you provide.

Disclaimer
We do not take responsibilities for the actions you take on our site. Visit our Disclaimer page to learn more about this.

Eligibility
Coinguide and it’s services are for people that are up to 18, However over 13 can use our service under the strict supervision of His/her Parent/Guardian 

Limitations
Coinguide cannot be held responsible for any damage or loss incurred as a result of using our services.

Adult-Oriented Content
We do not allow, post or promote any adult content on our site or any of our services.

Accuracy of materials
It is worthy of note that we try as much as we can to make everything on our site as accurate as we can but however some materials on the Services could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not take responsibility for anything this might cause the user.

Service Cost
Coinguide and all the services that comes with it are totally free for all users irrespective of nationality, age or gender.

Links
We do not take responsibilities for anything that happens as a result of following and external link from coinguide. You are responsible for all your actions outside coinguide.

Discontinuation of Services
We have all the rights to discontinue any of our services at any time we deem fit

Suspension or Termination of Service
We might at any time decide to suspend or completely terminate any of our services as we deem fit.

Modifications
We have all the right to modify or change this Terms of Service at any time we deem fit. Always check this page for an updated or modified version.

Site Content
Coinguide does not control, are not responsible for and make no representations or warranties with respect to any user content. You are solely responsible for your access to, use of and/or reliance on any user content. 

You can check our FAQ, Disclaimer page and Privacy policy page to learn more 
Feel free to contact us via the following:
On Discord: https://discord.gg/GQRAzav
Github: https://github.com/profchydon/coinguide

