Privacy Policy
 Coinguide Povides This Privacy Policy to let you know our procedures on how we handle information we get from you when you access and use our services or when you Interact with us.
By  accessing  or  using  our  Service,  you  agree  to  the  information  collection,  disclosure  and  usage as  given  in  this  Privacy  Policy.

Information Gathering
In the course of using our site or services, We may ask, collect and store some of your information. These Information may include your IP address, user-agent string, links clicked, pages visited, user interactions, the requested URL, referral URLs, operating system, device information (e.g., device IDs), hardware settings, search terms, geographic location and date and time of your request etc.

Information from Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data your device stores about websites you visit and sends back to us when we make requests for it. Just like many sites, Cookies are required to use some Coinguide services. We use this information to improve your user experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Service delivery.  
However, You may at your will instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies from our site or any site. You can also set it to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.

Information Usage
The information/data We get from you is used to further improve our services and give you a better user experience.
We at coinguide do not sell or rent your personal information to anybody or group of persons for any reason.
However we may disclose some part of your information to the Government Authorities if Requested.

Security 
At coinguide, we take your security serious and have put a lot of parameters in place to help protect and secure the information we collect and store about Coinguide Users. In addition to this, we make sure that All access to the Site as well as all information transmission and data are  well encrypted. 

Age Limit
The Coinguide service is not made for children  that are under the age of 13, and  thereby we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone below the age of 13.
Anyone below the age of 13 should not submit any information without the proper guidance of his/her parents.
By using the Coinguide service, you agree that you are at least 18years of age, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the service.


Changes To Policy
  We have all the right to periodically update this Privacy Policy at any  time  we deem fit.   However,  we  will  always put up a notice on our site about the updated policy.
Your continuous usage of the site after the notice means that you accept the new policy . 

Contacting Us
You can contact the lead developer on discord: @profchydon#3371

